SUBMISSION TRACK
Submitting our Solution for:               
	COVID-19 TRACK   (track 1)

OPEN SOURCE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS FOR THREE MAIN AREAS:
1. Crisis Communication During An Emergency 2. Ways To Improve Remote Learning 3. How To Inspire Cooperative Local Communities

1. Crisis Communication During An Emergency:

One of the goals of the crisis communication is tho support and strengthen relationships.
Show your customers and employees empathy during difficult times; 
let them know they are not alone. 
Strike a tone that authentically acknowledges what's going on while focusing on the larger takeaways of your message. 
Don't overlook the oppportunity to take a leadership role and forge stronger relationships with your employees, customers, and vendors during these challenging times. 
IBM has also announced "WATSON ASSISTANT FOR CITIZENS", an AI-powered virtual agent that governments and healthcare agencies can use free of charge for atleast 90 days to put the most trusted data and reliable information on COVID-19 into the hands of their constituents.

2. Ways To Improve Remote Learning

3 ways to make remote learning more engaging: 
		Use virtual breakout rooms to enhance student collaboration. 
		Having my students pair up during activities or work in project teams has been an integral component of my face-to-face instruction and I didn't want to lose that in a remote setting., 
		Use interactive and dynamic slides., Keep students social — even in class. IBM School connect is now available! The much anticipated software provides new features, updates to existing functionality, new LANSchool version and new SchoolConnect services.The main feature is cloud storage and supported storage on google drive,MS OneDrive for Buisiness.("IBM K-12")

3. How To Inspire Cooperative Local Communities

To inspire cooperative local communities:     
	1.Encourage board members to take a governance course.                                    
	2.Align values and goals.                                                                                  
	3.Talk amongst yourselves.                                                                                     
	4.Talk about yourselves.                                                                                         
	5.Do a board effectiveness workshop.      
	6.Be engaged
	
IBM SERVICES:

1.  WATSON ASSISTANT ( real time phone calls with watson assistant )
2.IBM CLOUD 
3.IBM SCHOOL CONNECT ( ibm k-12 )                                               